I haven't said what to do with you
You pinched it yourself first. Interesting
Spirit to matter
I did it wrong.
Yes my life
In the future, any order
I will definitely work for you before and after
Fear the harem first
Really ridiculous
In that case
Then you donate all your wealth to charity
Then I will spend another three days with you.
Disappear from Jiangcheng
Xie Daan Health
After you
Arrange for someone to donate the assets
Then after leaving Jiangcheng, I promise
Never see me again Li Hui
Li Hui Li Hui
You come back Li Hui
Go away
Hello son-in-law
Is it clear?
Who is the other party?
Li Zheng Li Zhenghan has no son-in-law
Li Hui, how dare you talk to me like this?
Believe it or not, I asked my daughter to divorce you
Just leave
That broom star in your house left me with nothing
Bastard hey hey hey
Come with me to the factory
I'd like to see which one is not afraid of death
Stirring my Zhao family's chickens and dogs
Hello, it's you.
Can I help you?
Hahahaha ok, I understand.
Gather everyone to follow me to the hospital